h1. localpolitics.in

Hashrocket's Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial 2009 Hack Day Apps for America Celebrity Rabies Awareness Pro-Am Fun Run Race For The Cure

_"All politics is local." -- Tip O'Neill_

h2. Setup

You'll want to be running memcached when developing on this app.  The OpenSecrets API has a limit of 200 calls per day, which is easy to reach when each page requires three calls.  The app is setup to handle all the heavy lifting for you... all you have to do is open a new terminal window and type in:

<pre>memcached -vv</pre>

h2. Resources consumed

In creating the localpolitics.in site, we've consumed a number of external resources.  Following is a list.

bq. *"Sunlight Labs API":http://sunlightlabs.com/:* District lookups and display of general district information

bq. *"GovTrack.us":http://govtrack.us:* Imported a list of bills and larger photos for each congress person

bq. *"Bioguide":http://bioguide.congress.gov:* Biographical information for congress people

bq. *"FedSpending":http://www.fedspending.org:* Federal spending information

bq. *"OpenSecrets":http://opensecrets.org:* Campaign finance information

bq. *"New York Times":http://nytimes.com:* Top presidential campaign donors

bq. *"Twitter":http://twitter.com:* Recent tweets for congress people

bq. *"YouTube":http://youtube.com:* Recent video footage for congress people

bq. *"Google":http://google.com:* Geocoding

h2. Contributors

If I've left you off this list, please add yourself and accept my apologies. - Veez

* "Adam Lowe":http://www.adamlowe.me/
* "Big Tiger":http://bigtiger.github.com/
* "Jacqui Maher":http://brighter.net/
* "Obie Fernandez":http://obiefernandez.com/
* "Sandro Turriate":http://turriate.com/
* "Dennis Eusebio":http://thoughtandtheory.com/
* "Tim Pope":http://tpope.net/
* "Wilson Bilkovich":http://metaclass.org/
* "Veez":http://mattremsik.com/
* "Andrew Maier":http://designerandrew.com/
* "Conrad Decker":http://conraddecker.com/
* "Imre Mehesz":http://imehesz.blogspot.com/
* "Desi McAdam":http://www.desimcadam.com/
